Python interrupt fix (#27)
Picovoice/pico-cookbook: recipes/llm-voice-assistant/python/cli/README.md

> # LLM Voice Assistant CLI Demo
> 
> A voice assistant using Porcupine, Cheetah, picoLLM, and Orca with a text based interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cross-Platform LLM Voice Assistant CLI Demo

A cross-platform voice assistant using Picovoice's Wake Word, STT, TTS and LLM technology with a text-based interface.
```
